{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf810
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 BoxCarLab\
@author Hazel Que\
\
1. Describe selection in general terms for strength .5, 1 and 2\
\
In general, higher selection strengths result in better performance and higher scores, but I\'92m not sure exactly how it works?\
\
2. Describe how elite clones work.\
\
After each generation, the n top-performing cars will be copied to the next generation. \
\
3. Describe the other 3 parameter combinations that would stop evolution.\
\
- When we only use crossover and do not allow for mutation, the offsprings produced will remain the same. In this case, the population converges to a solution and does not improve over time, but the solution is far from the best solution.\
\
- When we have very high mutation rate/size, the individuals in the new generations can turn out to be very different from the individuals in the previous generation. This makes the car performance in different generations completely random. As a result, we get a graph that shows a high fluctuation of all three scores.\
\
- When the number of elite clones is equivalent to the number of individuals in the population. In this case, the same individuals are copied over always. Since the cloning begins at an early point in the program, our population stops growing almost immediately. Terrible, terrible scenario. It also doesn\'92t matter what the other parameters are, because copying precedes mutation/crossover/selection.\
\
4. What parameters did you find worked the best?\
\
I think having a combination of moderate values for all parameters (i.e. 50% mutation/crossover, 3 selection strength, 3 elite clones for a population of 10) would result in decent performance.}